Common redistribution clean (#395)
GSA/fpki-guides: _truststores/02_appl_removal_solutions.md

collection: truststores
permalink: truststores/apple/
---

> In September 2018, the U.S. Government removed the Federal Common Policy Certification Authority (CA) root certificate from the Apple certificate stores (also called *trust stores*). This change affects all federal agency devices using Apple macOS Mojave, iOS 12, or tvOS 12 and may have an impact on the following services:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In September 2018, the U.S. Government removed the Federal Common Policy Certification Authority (CA) root certificate from the Apple certificate stores. This change affected all federal agency devices using Apple macOS Mojave, iOS 12, or tvOS 12 and may have an impact on the following services:  
```
